Welcome one and all to Hollywood, California, Meltdown, Comic, Harmontown is now in session.
Just bring out the mayor of Harmontown. You know him. You love it, Dan Harmon.
Thank you so much.
He won the debates. He won. Come on.
He's just so good. So facile.
He's a people pleaser.
He's a verbal wizard.
He grabbed my attention like it was a pussy.
I was asking our guest tonight who works around sexuality a lot to confirm something that I felt.
It's not on topic about that recording, but it also feels like...
Look, guys do talk like that, but only when they're impotent.
That's what I want. You don't talk like that when your dick works.
And for me to say that, it's like, oh, yeah, but that makes it worse because it's adding to this thing.
But it's also important. I don't like the idea that that guy...
You don't say that to another guy.
You could do whatever you want.
When you're a star, you could grab a pussy. That's the top of my list.
You wouldn't say that if your wiener worked.
Sean Connery never had to grab anybody by the pussy.
Or tell another guy about it in a trailer.
How do we know you're a star? There's all this evidence here.
What a great meeting.
Billy Bush and Donald Trump is.
There's not a wet vagina and 100 miles from that.
I thought it steeped things in dishonesty further for Billy Bush to be like,
boy, I was 11 years ago and all that stuff to just say what it really was, which is that he's laughing nervously
because he can't believe this is like, why is this guy saying this?
I'm in a bus with Donald Trump and he's being a lunatic and it's hilarious.
Is he truly, like, ideologically, philosophically the answer is yes.
Is he really supposed to in that moment?
I have to stop you there, sir, and demand that you apologize to the women of America
that may be listening to this one day.
Or is he supposed to just go like...
No!
I mean, the question is, was he going like...
The space work was off there.
Billy Bush.
What I wonder is, because you've worn lots of mics, you've had a mic on.
I do lots of live shows where there's a microphone on you
and I try to remember to mute myself if I ever have to go use the restroom
or say something flagrantly sexist.
But they clearly didn't know that they were being recorded
because if they did, then they wouldn't have done it.
But I love the fact that there was an engineer who was like,
I'm just going to fucking sit on this thing for 11 years.
Wayne Brady one time, I was shooting a terrible TV show before I was on Who's Line.
Before, he was on Who's Line called Quick Wits,
which is a very ill-fated show on NBC a long time ago.
Wayne Brady went to the bathroom.
His mic was hot and he went to go pee,
but he was still live in the studio.
And it was rehearsals. There was no audience there,
but it was everybody else. It was all like Steve Carell was there.
It was like all these people before they became anybody.
And Wayne Brady was peeing and we could just hear Zip, Pee,
and then Zippity-Doo-Dah, Zippity-Dee-Dee,
he's saying the whole fucking Zippity-Doo-Dah.
And we were shitting ourselves.
And he came back in and he didn't understand why everybody was so happy.
So like the hot mic, give us and the hot mic, take us away.
To this day, I swear if you run into an actor from community
and they start talking about Chevy J's,
they instinctively start going like this.
Because it was like the third stage.
If you're talking about anything that could be potentially scandalous
at this internet age, it's like you're in your mic,
you're hitting the mic.
Every time I'd set, people would go like,
oh yeah, and then this morning when he...
But I swear, I've seen them like in parking lots,
like off the clock, like it's like, oh event,
oh hey Joel, how have you been?
Oh it's been years, yeah.
I was like, oh did you hear about the thing?
I was like, what are they doing?
Do they have the papers?
Is that an instant?
Are they doing a bit or is that instinctive?
No, I've watched it happen and then both of them realized
they were doing it and then start laughing
and then I explained it to me because I'm not an actor
so I didn't know what was going on either.
I was like, what the hell is it?
And then they explained it and I was like,
oh my god, that's hilarious.
But it's also scandalous and...
There, I think it works like that, you can just knock it out.
I just want to...
Halloween's coming up and we'll have another show
or two before the actual event,
but right now is time to...
You still have time to stop working on your
really hacky basket of deplorables Halloween costume
or any other topical wordplay driven costume.
Just get a vinyl cape and some teeth if you're that empty.
It's not a holiday for word puzzles.
Wait, why do you...
It's for fun.
Have you heard of somebody who's making a basket
of deplorables costume?
No, Cody predicted that.
We were talking about who are the...
What are the fucking costumes that are going to
just make you want to hit people with a bottle?
And it's just always the people that are like,
look who I am, I've talked about this before.
I'm Picasso's blue period.
You have to put it all together.
Oh, so you are.
You never laugh out loud.
And then it's like they want to live in a world
where Halloween is this parlor game
where everyone's running around
and like, read my lips, no new taxes.
And they're like a big lip and there's like a tax coming out
and they're like, yep.
I don't...
I just be a werewolf or something, man.
Come on.
The only funny one I ever saw,
I think I probably mentioned this one,
we talked about this a long time ago,
was my friend Melissa dressed up as Barbie
and she had a big shrimp on her head.
She was shrimp on the Barbie.
It was pretty good.
I don't approve.
That's exactly what I'm talking about.
I don't...
But that one, you saw it
and you instantly knew what it was.
You didn't have to puzzle over it.
Okay, maybe, okay.
Maybe, I guess.
I just don't want your costume to be a riddle.
I don't want it to have a question and an answer.
It's like, you know, if you're going to do that,
go as what you are, a vampire.
But Dan, you're just going as a different kind of vampire.
Everybody, this is coming from a gentleman
who once found an old computer monitor
on the side of the road, put it on his head,
dressed up in fur and put horns on the side
of the computer monitor and called himself monitor.
Yeah.
Because it was joyful and it was like...
What's the difference?
No, because that's like a he-man figure.
That's like, look, I'm monitor.
Do that, yeah.
Be like, yeah.
How is that different than shrimp on the Barbie?
Because it couldn't beat he-man?
Like, I'm saying like...
You're being sexist now.
No, make a thing that has a name.
But you were doing the Minotaur, but you're a monitor.
I'm saying it's a fine line.
You're walking there.
It's a fine but solid line.
It's not blurry.
It's like, yeah, I guess it's razor thin,
but it's a line that still separates like joy from joylessness.
Didn't you win...
Didn't you win a contest?
Yes, because they felt my relaxation and joy.
Like, I was a big fat dude in a fur diaper
with a computer monitor on his head.
I'm monitor and I won because I was living the dream.
I was cheating the system and they loved it.
And, yeah.
Like, I do Halloween right.
I start with comfort.
I back into an explanation.
I go to the 99 cent store.
I see some stuff.
I tape it to my body.
Do you remember the time that I didn't win the pumpkin carving contest
because there was a conspiracy against how good my pumpkin was?
Yeah, I guess.
Carved a dragon into a pumpkin.
People got all bummed out about it.
Like, yeah, you're not supposed to be good at it.
You're supposed to be scary faces.
Yeah.
Like, we know who won.
All right.
So, I was in Santa Monica for a wedding this weekend
and this is the craziest thing.
Well, this is a first for me.
I ran into my wedding planner on the beach.
Like, I was just walking and I'm there for another wedding
and then I ran into...
I didn't know who she was at first.
She was like, Dan Harmon as I live and breathe.
And I'm like, like, I don't know who that is.
It's like, but she's standing on Santa Monica beach
with a clipboard and a pen.
So, however I know her, something's happened since then
that I don't want to ask questions about.
Like, getting signatures for a new shampoo or something.
I don't think I ever knew anybody.
So, I was like, I don't know.
I stepped a couple of steps and then I was like,
wait, shit, she said she's out here working.
Who works on a clipboard or the pen on the beach?
And then I was like, wait, wait, wait.
Oh, my God.
It's Christine.
It's my wedding planner.
And then I was like, filled with this shame
because I was like, oh, I'm sorry.
It didn't work out.
And she's like, I don't care.
Get married again.
She gets paid by the hour.
By the wedding, at least, yeah.
She's got no back end on that.
When I was like filled with this grief,
like your wedding planner is really invested
in the institution of marriage.
I planned the fuck out of that thing.
It was a good wedding.
Everybody agrees it was a great wedding.
The marriage is up to me.
It's not her problem.
And then she had been recently divorced, too.
She had been recently married.
That made it nice and relieving.
She's like, divorce is better.
Yeah, it is.
It's better than marriage.
I mean, that's a good business model for a wedding planner.
You want everyone, you want that turnover.
Yeah, she may do that on purpose.
Maybe when she's talking to clients,
she's like, I just got married and it's great.
And then when she runs into her former clients,
she's like, I just got divorced.
You should get married again.
I'm going to.
There's some vice thing,
the special that I haven't watched yet,
but the director of Great Minds was telling me about it.
They used HIV to kill cancer.
They like, you can modify HIV's protein structures
so that it's a little noodle that it uses
to plug into white blood cells,
only plugs into cancer cells.
And so they tried it on 20 kids with leukemia,
and 18 of them are alive and cancer-free.
I think I'm going to get some of this wrong.
You're going to watch it or look it up and like,
go ahead and correct me.
So you can give cancer aids?
Can you imagine living in our lifetime
where we not only cure cancer,
but we use aids?
And after you laugh at that,
because it's like, oh yeah,
it's like when the Raptors fought the Super Saurus
or whatever, it's like,
I could have just said Raptors
tackle the T-Rex of the Jurassic Park,
but I don't know if these kids have seen Jurassic Park 1.
A lot of kids online
decrying Westworld further.
They're like, this Creighton guy,
so you know you're talking to a millennial TV viewer
when they're like exposing Michael Creighton's
formulaic use of the,
oh, that old dinosaur park idea
recycled for your new cowboy show, eh?
Fool me once, Mr. Creighton.
Oh, you fucking star, baby.
You fucking 25-year-old,
immortal little AI puke.
Is it good?
I've been out of town.
I haven't seen it.
I loved it.
I can't wait.
It's going to be on again tonight.
We'll see how the series plays out,
but the pilot delivered everything that I said I wanted
because I was like,
this should be a show about creepy scientists
living underneath a fake deadwood
and because they deal with people
that are just so much more than sex dolls,
so much more than target practice.
They're creating life down there,
but they're also creating it for the exact purpose
of using it hedonistically.
So I want to see weird, polysexual,
confused psychological people in lab coats
having weird relationships with these nano-slabs
that they then push up into this town
and force to live on narrative loops,
inspired by what we've learned about that science
from video games and stuff,
and the new depiction of Westworld
instead of just being like James Brolin being like,
come on, you can shoot him.
Just go shoot him.
It's so much more realistic,
the depiction of what it's like to show up to Westworld
because we've played all these video games now
where we've had to create those environments
so that you walk down the street
and there's this guy going like,
who will step up and fight this vomit?
They're talking and they have narrative loops.
Is there a Yul Brynner bad guy in this one?
Yes, but he's human.
And that just represents, everything's kind of inverted.
So it's a revisitation.
Who's playing Richard Benjamin's eyebrows
in this particular show?
All right, you should just watch it.
The pilot is definitely worth watching.
It's a mindblower.
And I hope the series can fill our Game of Thrones hole.
Whatever.
Okay, so I read.
Dan, tonight I'm going to fill your Game of Thrones hole.
That's my promise.
Let's bring out our guest.
I won't make the verbal segue from that to that,
but she is certainly,
I've called her the Michael Jordan of porn,
which is no...
She's been in 437 films so far.
Remember the modern porn world?
It's beyond music in terms of how hard it would be
to be distinct and rack up.
For people to know your name,
but I think a lot of people have heard the name Riley Reid,
haven't you?
All right.
Three dudes audibly came just now.
In 2013, L.A. Weekly ranked her eighth on their list
of 10 porn stars who could be their next Jenna Jamison,
which means nothing now,
because Jenna Jamison wasn't living in this crazy world
where Ed porn is growing on trees and free to everybody.
That was back when Jurassic Park was in...
Yes.
I mean, yeah.
She's her awards, her accolades of things.
I mean, if there's anybody that represents like the...
She's the most legit porn star I think we could have
to talk to about this stuff.
She's a wonderful gal
and made friends with her recently
because Justin noticed from her Instagram
that she was a big Rick and Morty fan
because she was singing a song from Rick and Morty
I think pushing her butt up in the air.
I can't remember.
I was like...
I had been overraised in the posterior.
It's the song that the president does with Rick and Morty
and she was singing.
Anyways, so he reached out to her and said,
hey, I want to be friends.
She's been to the...
We talked to her more on the...
Dan, relax.
Take a...
I'm excited.
Take a deep breath.
You weren't this nervous
and Robin Williams is on the show.
Please welcome Riley Reed.
Can I get you a drink?
Would you like another vodka on the rocks?
I'm still drinking my current one.
But thank you.
My gracious host.
So Riley, is that true?
Were you singing a Rick and Morty song
during one of your films?
It wasn't during one of my films.
It was just a recording on my Instagram video
where I was like,
head, bend over, raise the posterior.
I'm definitely probably the number one Rick and Morty fan.
Nice.
Alright, so...
I've got my limited edition jacket right here.
Oh, shit.
You got one of those.
Number 15.
Yeah, I got number two.
Well, you should have...
Nah, he does the voices.
And I wouldn't have texted you
or whatever he did to reach out to you.
I actually reached out to him.
Oh, really?
Yeah, I was like asking questions about Rick and Morty.
Oh, awesome.
So when I'm looking at my phone,
by the way, I'm not being aloof.
I'm like, I have notes written down here.
I think we should get one of the first things
out of the way, actually.
Well, let's save it.
Let's put a pin in the Prop 60 thing,
because if you were telling me backstage,
it's really important.
You're seeing these ads already tonight
during the debates about this Prop 60 thing.
You...
It's a fucking house of mirrors.
I didn't even...
You want to hear what she has to say
when you're voting that this thing has dropped on you
as a California voter, that you're informed.
But, okay, here's a question you're probably sick of answering.
But it's like...
You have a relationship.
You have a boyfriend.
How long have you been with your boyfriend?
We've been together over a year.
But even aside from that, that's not even related.
But how is porn sex different from the sex you have off camera?
Is there...
Well, it's a totally different one,
because there's more people in the room
than one-on-one sex.
But it's also the intimate connection,
because we're so in love and whatnot.
So that's a totally different realm
than when I'm having sex with somebody on camera.
It's more of a grotesque,
like, I'm just going to fuck you and then work with you again
maybe a couple weeks later or something.
Well, in terms of, yeah, if you're an objective viewer,
which...
If you were a person floating in the corner of the room
that was invisible and was watching you
have intimate, love-based sex...
What mechanical things are different?
You're doing things for the cameras, I assume, right?
Yeah, I mean, you're definitely doing things for the camera.
I have to be...
I mean, for some pornos, they are, like, you know,
romance scene where they don't even want us
to acknowledge the existence of a camera
and they don't care about opening up.
But usually I have to, like, hold my ass cheek
to make sure you can see the penetration.
You know, it's not as...
Usually when I'm, like, fucking,
I like to ride my boyfriend's dick
and, like, have my clit rubbing against him,
as well as the penetration.
In regular pranks, sex...
Riley, I expected more candor out of you.
Don't let this face deceive you.
Stop deflecting from the quest.
We're trying to get to the truth here.
I was just saying, it's...
You have a favorite position.
It's just being... having to open up for the camera,
like, no matter what position, from doggy or this or that,
even, like, you just have to, like,
I have to hold my ass cheek open, you know?
Would you ever imagine in porn, like, in a scene,
you're required to hit, like, in an average porn scene,
you have to hit, like, all these, like,
Kamasutra, like...
Oh, yeah, I mean, we have four positions minimum,
kind of a thing.
You always have to have four positions.
There's always blowjob in between.
So, like, that's, like, you know,
the usual mandatory kind of a thing.
And then there's the, you know, the scenario
that goes along with the porn,
or that usually they want you to keep alive
because otherwise it becomes very illegal
if you don't keep alive the...
Well, no, no, no, I mean, like, you know,
if I'm the pizza delivery girl,
they want me to talk about...
My boss might call me, I should go back to work, you know?
Like, they want us to keep that essence alive.
It's not... I'm not really, you know...
I mean, sometimes we'll foreplay at home,
but it's not the whole stereotype.
I mean, we definitely lost the narrative
when we lost film.
Like, you've seen Boogie Nights, I assume,
and they get with you.
That's that transition from film to video
where that foreshadows the transition
from to the internet world
where porn is just now...
It's like, is Gonzo the right word?
But it's just, like, it's just, like,
it's not narrative at all.
Or does Gonzo mean, like,
brutally disgusting?
No, no, no. Gonzo means, like, it's just, like,
hey, we're fucking.
Hey, what's your name? Samantha. How old are you?
Okay, here's a dick.
Yeah, you're 18, right?
Right.
So, the...
Just to go back to that one loop,
because I'm just curious...
You're hitting those four bases,
for instance, when you're doing a scene for work,
when you're being intimate
with someone that you love,
you said you mentioned you have this favorite position.
Might that mean that it's like,
you guys don't hit all...
There's not, like, a bunch of...
No, no, I mean, occasionally sometimes...
You might just do a very boring, like,
let's just do this, because this is what I like.
Well, yeah, I mean, sometimes we wake up in the morning
and we just have, like, regular morning sex.
Other times, you know, we're, like, in the kitchen
and we're fucking everywhere in the kitchen, you know?
So it's, like, it's definitely in the heat of the...
But a plumber never comes in and goes,
what's going on here?
Not anymore.
We change neighborhoods and sinks.
What is the difference, Riley,
between the porn director and a bad one?
I hate when the porn directors
try to micromanage the sex.
So there are...
Sometimes I'm on a sex scene and they're, like,
okay, now, like, run your hand down his chest
and then put your fingers in his pants.
That's, like, a line reading for a regular actor.
There's times... Don't tell me how to talk.
Yeah, no, there's literally times where I've been on set
and it's really sad that there's literally
a woman sitting there telling me what to do.
I'm, like, how do they even edit your voice out?
Like, I don't understand.
Like, literally the whole time, she is, like,
okay, now brush her hair behind her ear.
Aw.
Like, it's... I mean, yes, it's sweet,
but at the same time,
it's just, like, I don't understand
why her presence is here.
Wait, who was she? Was she a director?
She was a director. Like, this was actually
for Penthouse and I was, like,
so disappointed. I was, like,
micromanaged sex. Like, you're going to tell me
how to squeeze in, like, his balls.
Like, you can't just go and do it.
Like, girl, that's good to know.
Like, no, that's interesting.
Like, the...
In terms of just the...
We were talking, and I think we can segue
then into the Prop 60 thing, because, um,
like, well, first of all,
like, is there...
Do you perceive a wall
between yourself because you work in porn
and, like, civilians,
like, anybody outside that industry?
Like, do you think that you're,
like, do you feel
alienated, isolated?
Do you...
If you go to
a party and someone
says, what do you do? Is there, like,
I mean, do you... No, I'm, like, I'm personally
very comfortable with what I do.
Like, I'll sit next to a plane.
I'll sit on a plane next to somebody if they ask me what I do.
I'm just blunt and I tell them,
like, I'm a porn star, adult actress,
and usually they're, like,
oh, like...
And then sometimes when I say adult actress,
like, were you a child star kind of thing?
Like, people are very
confused sometimes.
And I've also happened...
That happened where a lady was, like,
writing a book on sex workers.
So she was like, oh, my God, like,
can I ask you a million questions?
But I'm very comfortable personally,
so I don't usually have any, like,
weird issues with that, but
I do get recognized a lot.
I do have a lot of people, like, know...
You're extremely recognizable.
And that's the other part of the question.
It's like, how safe do you feel?
Because I...
Podcasting, like...
It's not really safe.
Sometimes I feel like it's not fair,
because they have an advantage
where I can't give the first impression
of myself.
They already have the impression of who I am.
So it's, like, an unfair advantage,
because, like, I have no idea who you are,
but you guys have seen my asshole.
You know, like...
Not fair, but it's also
very interesting and interesting.
We have a special gift for you.
We're going to make everybody here show you their asshole.
Yes! Please!
I hope you too, man.
We have to have a custodian of records
go through first and collect
pretty certificates.
I should tell you something about the chocolates
I handed out before the show.
They're filled with Tapehead Cleaner.
Do you know about that thing, or are you too young?
Tapehead Cleaner?
Amyl Nitrate?
Amyl Nitrate.
Oh, I've heard of Popper.
VHS Tapehead Cleaner.
If you huff it, it makes your butthole
get nice and ready for...
It relaxes you, or something.
It also gets you high,
but also it relaxes your butthole.
Yes, yes.
I've definitely heard of those.
I would think those stocking
is what I'm talking about.
We have a twisted relationship
with sex in the sex industry
in this country.
We have a twisted relationship with fame.
We have a twisted relationship with media, fantasy.
We don't have our...
I don't know...
I'm not saying there's some other country
where they've achieved it,
but I'm just saying...
If you told me that you
get frightened for your life
seven times a day, I wouldn't be shocked.
But I don't...
Yeah, no, I don't.
Fans think they know you, fans like...
I mean, definitely.
Some fans really think they know me.
I've never had a stalker.
I've never had to put a restraining order on somebody.
Yeah, luckily.
Have you ever met Donald Trump?
Thank God, no.
You might get the actual amount
of negative or unwanted attention
that anybody would get
like being a good looking woman.
You just get that anyway, right?
Well, then you compound that with...
I get a lot of emails.
I'll get some crazy emails from some fans
who will start off the email talking
about how much they love me,
and then it's like, and I hate you so much,
and then I also love you,
and I hope I never talk to you again,
and then they'll email me two days later.
Again, Riley, I told you
I was sorry about this.
There's probably a lot of confusion there
because there's no culture,
there's no way to set the boundaries.
Yeah, they don't know.
They have an intimate knowledge of you
that you don't have of them,
and people feel a weird
emotional connection
with actors that don't show
everything and do everything,
so you're getting a whole different order.
That's the thing, like podcasting itself.
You listen to somebody for two hours a week
every week for a couple years.
I'm not shocked at all when I run into people.
I'm very lucky with the people
that listen to them,
but it's definite.
I have that relationship with people
that I listen to on podcasts.
I run into somebody that I listen to a lot,
and I'm like, I know this person.
I own this person a little bit.
I know who they are.
Like you said, there's an advantage there.
I guess that's the end of the conversation
because it's very uplifting news that you're like,
no, you've never filed a single restraining order.
It kind of says it all.
Usually my fans are really neighborly.
They're like, Yo Riley rude.
They're super chill.
There also might be another...
I'm guessing that's probably wrong,
but people have seen and know so much
about you physically and intimately
that there's really...
They've already got the answer
to all those questions.
Yeah, that's something to be said for...
Do you have an opinion about that in general?
You were a psychology major in college,
weren't you?
I dropped out before the end
of my freshman year.
I was going to be a psych minor,
but that means nothing when you're a freshman.
Yeah, I did it.
But you have an interest in this shit,
ostensibly.
Do you have an opinion about our relationship
on a national level
with pornography?
What is going on there?
I think that just goes on
a personal intelligence level
with somebody who's able
to distinguish the difference that this is fantasy
and this is this person's job.
When people choose to believe
that the bang bus is real,
they're allowing themselves
to be manipulated by society.
Wait, I'm going to stop you right there.
I have to believe in something.
The fucking bang bus.
But collectively,
do you perceive our
country, again, you can stop me and go,
this isn't my jurisdiction,
but we've got,
there's debates going on right now
where there's a guy who's rampant,
verbal misogynist of nothing else
who hears states,
he's running against who will be
the first female president,
issues coming up.
As a woman and as a pornographic
actor,
how do you see this country's
relationship in general?
You meet all these different people,
but are we,
when you take us all collectively,
are we sick, are we healthy,
are we, is there anything
that could be said that needs to change in general,
or is it just fucking
complicated? Well, I mean,
I know one thing is that we currently,
the most popular taboo is
no longer incest, which was
definitely a thing for a while where
the most popular porn. I took a break
from it.
My search engine probably
contributed to that a lot.
What is now
the number one taboo? I don't know
what it is. I think it might be
tranny porn, but
it was for a very long
time incest porn. Huh.
So that says a lot.
Like Pornhub,
Pornhub has been mainstream-of-fying
porn a little bit.
Somewhat consciously,
but just indirect result of
it being a porn hub.
But they issue
these press releases and go like,
they'll do little funny things on April Fool's Day.
They'll issue, they'll go like,
St. Patrick's Day, here's how many people
searched for Leprechaun porn.
Which I always thought, I thought it was a very positive
thing because it's like, they're
acknowledging just as
what's-his-face Kinsey did,
part of that story was like,
it was about revealing to everybody
that sex was
simultaneously
private and therefore a beautiful
snowflake, but also
shared by everybody. Everybody's a freak.
Everybody's
coming and
going and
and it's
okay.
I don't think there's anything wrong with porn.
I don't think it's wrong.
Well, I wouldn't expect you to say that.
But I mean like our attitude towards it.
I
feel like we're
really fucked up about it and that
one of the things that we do
and get away with because we're fucked up about it
is we treat your
industry as if it's like,
I don't know, it's like- Oh, it's definitely shunned
upon. And therefore
the danger of that is like, well, if we value
people and if our
taboos about porn have to do with
caring about people,
then we
build this wall around this thing that we go like, oh, that's
a toilet, you know, because that's where
I go every night.
Yeah, I'm totally to a lot of people
like I have like no
meaning of life to them. Like they're like, oh, you're
a porn star? Like exactly, like I'm a
toilet to them, you know, like they say
that I lose all, I can't think of the right word
I want to say, but like, you know, I'm just
like no longer equal, you know, they're like, you
have no rights, you know, like-
I hope this doesn't offend you, but I
heard a star, I was talking
about you with Justin during Comic Con,
we were just seeing you on the yacht, the
Game of Thrones people invaded and they
didn't invade, we wanted them there.
They just seem like they're always invading them,
they're so
medieval. But I
was just mentioning, oh, she seems so nice, and I asked
her if she'd be on the podcast, and he
I heard a story like third hand through
him about you being at a party and like
somebody just kind of like just
as a casual matter of fact, like just somebody
not from the industry,
somebody that didn't know you, but somebody
that was at a party with you, just kind of like
saying things and treating you in ways
that sort of implied that you
were down for whatever because of what
you did for a living. Oh yeah, I definitely
have a lot of people who automatically assume
that like I'm the world's biggest slut
and I'm just gonna suck their dick right there, you know?
Because if you do it when you're working, then
I mean, like I do it for a hobby, let's
let's- It's a great world.
Dan, that was very brave of you to admit that.
That I do it for a hobby.
Yeah.
That's what I, I mean, I wanted to, yeah
just like, I mean, I just like, I think our
attitude just in general, and I'm sure this is
gonna change over time. Yeah, I mean, people I think just
automatically assume that I'm like this crazy
sex freak, you know, it's just like, even though
they might be way hornier and freakier
than I am, they just automatically assume
because I do it on camera and
you know, maybe just I have more confidence
with it, they automatically assume
that I am like a freaky person.
Like, I have people who like, randomly
tell me and I like tell them I'm a pornster
and they're like, oh, I was like raped once.
Right. And I'm like, I don't know how this
is associating, I don't know how to respond
to you, like I'm just a sex worker, but
I have a question, Raleigh.
You hear stories like, I mean, I'm a
crap actor and I do failed TV shows for
living, but there, but there's times
like, it can be something big on camera,
like a big network thing or a small
thing that we do for Channel 101, like our
little friends make videos, our little
friends, our actual awesome friends,
and you'll come home after like
shooting something that was either well
paid or not paid, and you feel
this great sense of like, oh, wow, that was
really good, like I did good work today.
Yeah, definitely there are days where
you know, also it's because it goes all
hand-in-hand, if I feel like my fellow
peers were like killing it, then there's
definitely days where I'm like, fuck, like
that scene is probably going to win an award
because we like killed it. You can go
home after having
sex and go like, yeah, like we did it.
Yeah, definitely, I mean, there's
definitely times where you can like feel like
there was like a genuine sexual
passion that was going
on, that you're like, that was hot.
Is that something you're striving for while
you're doing a thing like, I want people to
really watch this and I want this to endure,
I want this to be a clip that people will
like. Well, most times I just try to
like, enjoy it for what it is, like, I
mean, if I'm not really feeling the person
it's going to probably show on camera
and I'm not going to try to like false
advertise it, like, you know, like
there's times where I'm not totally into
my partner or, you know, like maybe they
I can't imagine, I'm so easily distracted
that there was eight people around with microphones
and camera equipment and some
That's also a really erotic part
of it too, that there's, you know, a guy
holding a boomstick the whole time
and I'm like, you're just watching me slap
on this knob, you know, like
so, like, there's other
parts to it, if maybe I'm not totally into
like the person I'm fucking, I'm like,
oh yeah, well, they're enjoying the show
Other people, there must be, because you've
been, like, you've done enough films now
where you see an actor, like
another guy, like, oh jeez, not this fucking guy
I have a no-list, so
Oh, really? Oh, yeah. Oh, you could kill rights now? You can say
fuck that guy, no way. Yeah, there's like one guy
I won't work with just because he makes this
sound, he goes
So, I'm like, I just can't... This is the kind of shit I
want to know about. Like, that's
one guy, I'm just like, I'm like
looking at the director, like, really?
Like, I can't even take this guy seriously.
There's a...
I end up with a lot of Russian
stuff, because I think it's like a
it's a foot-fetish nylon thing
that's one of the categories
that I'm into, like, legs
and hosiery and stuff, and so I end up
like, I've seen this, there's this Russian guy
and
his version of going, ugh
is, ew
and I can't
like, I'm just like, pants
around my ankles, just ready to go
Saturday night
I got my Emmy in one hand, I got
and I'm like
I got everything I need to
see you're
a left-hander
and then this is like, ew
ew, ew
and it's like, well, it's also like
you might have like a foot in his face when
you're saying that, I'm like, well, you're
supposed to say when someone puts
a foot in your face, that's not what
you're supposed to say, anyway
but
you
you glossed over
something that I think is kind of like
this is just a, like, this is
the big bug zapper in the room, like
when you, when people
find out you're in this field
like, the association of that
real or imagined with
trauma
like, okay, so like, that is something
that people leap to, something bad
happened to you
oh yeah, people ask my dad when my dad's
like, yeah, my daughter's a porn star when it
comes up, they are automatically like
did you do something to her
like, and it's sad, it's really sad
that my own dad kind of deals with it as well
as I do, because nothing ever, I've always
just been this crazy sexual fiend
my whole entire life, so
like, when I was like, asked to be
an extra on a porno, I was like, yeah, that's awesome
and then like, I saw them doing it, and I was like, I want to do that
too, okay?
I was already like, having guys run trains
on me, I was having sex with girls, three
some orgies, like, all in high school, like
it was just totally fun and what I was
doing, so like- So the industry is a place
where, where, that is
lucrative, where that is like, your
status is rising when that happens, instead
of- Yeah, we're all tested
at high school, you're like, you're being
like, maligned by the people that are
well, I mean, I was, I was definitely
manipulating situations.
You were, you were
the scar face of, of, of your high
school, because you had the, you had the goods
but
speaking of which, like, you're, you're like
a, but would you say, I mean, so
would you, when you look at your childhood, because
it's a, your Wikipedia says, you're moved around
a lot, you're, you're from Florida, those are
two warning signs.
Sorry,
sorry, Florida.
But, but, but, I mean,
it's like, like, like, like, relative
to everybody in this room, would you say
squeaky clean, kind of like, trauma-free
childhood? Is that what you're saying? Or is it
like, like- I mean, it was like, I,
I didn't really have trauma, necessarily.
I mean, like, I lived a normal,
you know, like, middle class,
if not, like, slightly lower kind of
life. Like, I mean, my parents were divorced
and both remarried, but like, no, like,
real trauma, like, you know, everything was
totally chill in my family, like,
I don't, I think I was pretty normal.
Yeah. My mom was super open,
I would tell her when I was going to do, like, acid
and shrooms, like, all right, mom, just so you know,
like, what is the, like,
I've met a couple people, just like,
you know, over time, like, just living
in town here, like, people that have worked, like,
as producers, and
the two people that I know
that were in it, like, that were
really sleazy, like, what's the
industry like, like, in terms of the people that
create it, direct it, run the websites,
is it, is it a fun
industry to be in, or is it, is it
a lot of creeps, or what is it?
I personally would consider
it more fun, but
I mean, there's definitely, like, the sleazy
kind of creepy people, but
I've, like, kind of worked my way
past and through all of that.
And now you get to pick and choose, you're a
status now. Yeah, and also, like, with the
agency that I work with and everything,
like, they, he only goes through, like,
I started off with a different agency who, like,
sent me once to Seattle,
which I was, like, this guy just has a
camcorder, like, this is definitely
not a porno shoe. Yeah, so there's a, let's
talk about that for a second, like, how it's
structured, because most of us are just, like,
it's anybody's guess. You have an agent.
He has, he works for an agency.
Yeah, he runs his agency, he's, like,
Mark Speegler. And so
he gets, all the gigs
come through him, he calls you, and says,
like, okay, double anal on the
13th, whatever.
Double anal, is there such a thing as double
anal on the 13th? There is definitely double
triple and more. Is that your bad luck to do it
on the 13th?
I don't do double anal.
Yeah, and you have stuff that you do
do, don't do, then there's the grrrr guy, and
it's, like, whatever, and you, and then there's
a price, and is it still the case as it was
in the 90s? I mean, it was always, like,
the women run the industry, like, or that
was maybe our overcompensatory,
like, sort of, like, statement, because
the women get paid more, and the women do
have, like, kill rights on scenes,
like, the guy, if a woman says,
I don't work with that guy, that guy's, like,
a significant part of his career is kind of
fucked, like, especially if the woman is you,
and so, like, even though,
like, but I think back then,
even though that was being said about the
women that were in these scenes,
the hierarchy
was still probably male dominated,
but now is that different, because
you're your own boss, basically, like,
you have your own website, you produce,
you told me you edit your own stuff, and
when I marveled at that, you're like, well, it's porn
editing.
Like, I could be a pretty bad editor,
and still be a great porn editor,
but, but, but it's still, like,
pretty cool to imagine you with
headphones, and, uh, because I'm assuming
you have neighbors, and then you're, like,
like, and you're, like, you're, like,
you're, like, you got the, do you use Final Cut,
or Avid, or what? I use Adobe.
Adobe, like, Premiere.
Premiere. Um,
you ever take it over into After Effects,
just throw some lasers in there?
Not yet. Not yet. I did just do this
pretty fun, like, Halloween thing,
but no, nothing to that extent.
But you're producing your own stuff, so you're,
and your website, readmylips.com?
Yeah. Very clever. Uh,
um, that's, like, you're, like,
I bet, I bet most people who have
seen your, your face and heard your name,
it's probably, like, porn hub is becoming, like,
this thing that's, that's gotta be, like,
an ally and an enemy to you, right?
For sure. I mean, I definitely,
I definitely am very fond of them,
because I do think that they help my career a lot,
like, especially, I've, I've not,
for the last couple years, I haven't been less than
rated number four, and the last couple months
I've always been the rated number one porn star
on porn hub, so that automatically just comes
up a lot, and
currently, I have, like, this program
with them, where if I upload my videos
and I get some money based on, like,
ad views or whatever, so
I have, like, but I don't put any of, like,
my super sex stuff that's, like, on my website,
it'll be, like, me washing the dishes naked
or something, and that has, like, almost a million views,
so... Well, because I,
and I've always said this about, like, the,
the, no one knows how to monetize the internet,
except the, the, the porn industry has always
been able to, because the porn industry kind of
runs on... I mean, we're
advancements of everything. Right. That's true.
Technology too, right? VR and everything. Like, the, um...
Sex dolls? I just did, uh,
I just did, did, did VR
and had, had boobs, like,
like, like, porn
will one day free us from everything.
Like, um,
it will advance us in, in ways
we didn't know. I was like, oh, that's a,
that's a nice boobs, like, and
they're mine. Yeah, I mean, I just had this one
sex toy that was molded after me that will
now be able to,
like, it'll have memory of, like,
what makes you ejaculate. Oh, God.
And, yeah, it's supposed
to be called the perfect fuck,
and it'll know, it'll also
be self-lubricating. It'll, like, it's...
This sounds like a rather cold
open of a, of a dystopian.
Yeah. This is, like,
at 209, we go, it's a...
Ladies and gentlemen... You will no longer have to get married.
Yeah, they, they, they try
to make one sex toy based on me,
but the shipping costs were too big.
Right. Um...
It just...
Thank you.
Eat those chocolates every minute.
So,
yeah, so, so Pornhub
is mainstream-ifying in the,
you know, it's making, it's making, making us
maybe hopefully relax about porn a little bit.
Um, and it's also helping
self-starters. It's, like, but it,
it might also be, it, you have to, like...
Yeah, I mean, I have to contact
them constantly to remove scenes that are
up on my website. Right.
One thing I do super exclusively is anal.
Like, I only shoot that for myself and one other company.
So, they'll take
my own anal scenes from my own website.
So, I have to, like, email them and be, like,
hey, take down my pizza delivery girl
anal scene, like... Like, that's
special. That's my only gang
bang that exists online.
And it's, like, exclusively at my website.
Do you check... I saw the thumbnail
for that one. Uh, and, uh...
So, which means I was, like, I was, like,
it was, like, it shouldn't have been there.
The... Do you... This, I, I feel, like,
I... I wanted to say this, but, like,
I don't know if you hear this all the time
and if this makes you happy or sad or what
your reaction to this is, but fuck it.
I'll just... Like, my girlfriend and I
watch porn together. We've seen you a thousand
times in different things.
And then we met you and now
we... It's, like, both of us individually
and as a couple, like, we don't,
like, we don't click at you anymore.
Oh, sad. Sad face.
That's because we're bad people, right?
Because...
I think it's also, I think it's also
just American society, the way
it kind of, like, has
portrayed us to be and, like, the way that
the standards are of, like, you don't fuck your friends.
Right. You know, that's, like, cheating.
And it's also just, like, like, oh, there's a threshold
you have to go through. Everything has to be about taboo.
Yeah, and, like, I'm not a fantasy. Now I'm, like,
this tangible thing. In order for my girlfriend and I
to enjoy watching porn together, we have to
we have to have this unspoken agreement that we're
doing something base,
crass, animalistic
together. And so then we meet you
and you're, like, hi.
But, you know, like, like,
like, can I borrow a cup of sugar
or whatever? And
and I'm afraid Trump's
going to get elected too. And look, there's Game of Thrones people
and it's like, and, and then,
and then, yeah, and it's like, I guess it's just
it is, that's, that's, that sort of
typifies that, that, that border, which I don't
think will, like, but it doesn't,
it doesn't bum you out, like, like, it doesn't make
you, it's not like... I'm really sad
that you and your girlfriend aren't banging, watching my
porn anymore. We usually just watch
and then we end up, like,
touching ourselves on each other. We don't, like,
we don't, like, put the laptop open and then I'm, like,
we're both watching. Do you want to try
that? No.
Um,
but, uh, what, out of
all these categories, then we'll go to the
Prop 60 thing, but out of all that, there's all the
categories. It's sort of funny how porn is
so, like, like, it's the
internet, how it's, like, regimented
sexuality, but
that also, I think, is a step towards,
it's like, you can, you can mark
your, your transition
if you were to become curious about
bisexuality, you could, like, drift
in categories and tag clouds and things
and you can kind of, like, it's more
supervisable and curatable by the
person's own discretion, but, um,
what, these categories that
all exist, like, are there ones that are your
favorites, not because they cause, or maybe
it's because they cause the most pleasure,
or maybe it's because they're the easiest for the most
money or whatever, like, what are, if your agent
calls and says, I got a boom, boom, boing, and a boom,
do, do, do, like, like, like, which
one makes you go fucking sweet?
Like, like, I want more of those.
Uh, well, I definitely love, like,
blow job scenes, because usually
those are, like, in and out in two hours
and so that's, like,
really nice, um,
quickly. I mean, it's not all too, there's
a lot of prep time. Yeah, I mean, there's, like, you know,
an hour's worth of makeup,
you know, in the makeup chair, kind of a thing.
I knew those dicks were fake.
It's, they're
impossible. Um, so it's, like,
and there's a lot of porn that's just straight up blow jobs.
I mean, then there's definitely, yeah, there's, like, certain scenes
that I hate working for, which, like, I mean,
Reality Kings is, like, I love them, but
I also hate because a lot of their stuff
is, like, they're not even shooting sex the
whole time, they're shooting ad shots, which are, like,
you know, those little gifts on the side of
the porn hub, basically, that is, like, you know,
the obvious fucking, even though, like,
you can see over the counter, but you're, you know,
it's supposed to be, like, relative, so, like, that guy
technically doesn't see, even though he's, like, under the nose
eating or pussy or whatever the fuck.
Yeah. So, like, there's, like, a lot of that
where we'll spend so much time just shooting,
like, these ad-based shots
where it's just, like, over and over,
like, these 30-second clips, and they're, like,
want so many of them, and it's, like, we're not even
doing sex things, or, you know,
or, like, I hate VR porn because, like, that's, like,
I'm supposed to be, like, making out
with the camera, so, like, now I'm, like,
having sex with, like, a camera,
like, literally, if this is the camera,
they want me to go...
I saw a VR one.
I just got my Vive system, so I
saw a VR one with you, and it's, you're
a bridesmaid with another...
Oh, yeah, Mia Malkova.
And then, all VR porn right now is just,
it's just a point-of-view video of...
Yeah, it's like POV.
Well, no, all the time, the guys, like, legs
are just, like, below frame,
and then there's just, like, women coming
in and going, what are you doing?
What are you, you think
that dick is important?
All right, let's see what's going on.
This, because the guy can't do
anything, or you'll get seasick,
like, he can't, like, get up
and start going, ah!
Uh...
The, um...
It's dangerous, like,
these cameras aren't expensive
and a lot of amateur pornographers are
grabbing them and going, let's make a VR
porn, you put on the helmet, and you're
like, what the fuck!
Oops.
Woo!
That was the, that was the new glass
that Jane Kick started for me, and...
No, tell me now.
No, no, no.
Riley, do you, do you
think porn is a porn that you can
consume? Oh, that's a good question.
He's a good interviewer.
I never would have thought to answer that.
It was like, you're a therapist, as a therapist.
Yeah, uh, I, I only watch
anime porn.
Anime porn. Yeah, so, like,
that's what I like to, which is what I used to,
like, before porn, I didn't like
watching boy on girl sex, to me, like,
the penis on camera kind of looked weird,
so I would watch lesbian sex
or anime porn.
Was the allure of anime porn
for you? Uh, I think that
it's just, like, ultimately super
fantasy, and also now that I know
most of the performers, it kind of makes it
different, so I'll watch... Is it because you're too critical?
Because I can only watch British comedy. Yeah, I mean,
so... I think so.
And, like, sometimes even that doesn't do it
for me, sometimes I just have to look at pictures.
Right. And it's like, just the picture alone
is enough because I can create my whole
own imaginary entity
so... Exactly, I can't watch New Girl because I'm like,
I don't know, Heather.
I don't know her, obviously.
I don't know her fucking name.
Liz Maryweather, and I'm like,
I met her, and I respect her, and
she... So, I can't watch
New Girl because, like, if they do
a joke and then it goes to commercial, I'm like,
that's an act break, and then I'm like, you're a dick.
And, like, it's too much...
I spend too much time all day
obsessing over these things. I can't
just watch, like, Parks and Rec,
like, usually, and, like, without, like, being drawn
into conflicting voices
in my head, well... Yeah, definitely.
And if I'm with a girlfriend or something,
they inevitably just get the impression that I'm, like,
this fucking asshole, so...
Yeah, like, I'm super picky about my blowjobs,
so if I can see that the girl... So if you're watching a bad
blowjob, if Faye Reagan is, like,
hacking it up on the... Yeah.
No, I know. If you're, like, just...
If you're just making the sounds, and I'm just, like,
you're not even doing anything, like,
I'm just... So, yeah, I...
Riley, or anybody here, has anybody
pornstar karaoke at Sardos
up in the valley?
No?
There is a karaoke place.
There's a hand being raised over there.
Yeah, you've done it?
Right, is it monthly or weekly, or what is it?
Weekly. Weekly.
Yeah, I went there once. Sardos
is, like, on pass, right?
Yeah, in Burbank.
Your first date.
Wow, you know how to treat a lady, I love that.
Uh...
That's my wife.
Uh, sorry.
I just moved to the Catskills.
Uh...
Near Warner Brothers, there's a place called Sardos.
They do karaoke, but weekly there is pornstar
karaoke, and I went there once, did not
know that. My friends invited me,
and it was... I was like,
what the fuck? That's Stephanie Swift.
Like, that's somebody I knew, like,
and I guess people that, like, you kind
of vaguely recognize, because, you know,
I've seen porn.
And they get up there, here's the thing about
pornstar karaoke, competitive as shit.
They're not having fun,
they're actually trying to win karaoke.
And on the tables
at Sardos, this is true,
there's little slips of paper,
I haven't been there, this has got to be
eight years ago, or so.
Little slips of paper on each table
that said, hey, respect
our neighbors, don't fuck on their lawns
or on their backyards.
Because apparently the porn stars were getting
out, like, doing karaoke, and then
banging on their nearby
private property. And they actually
had to tell them... I can't believe he did devil and blue jeans!
He knows
that's mine! I do black vilfits!
They have to be uptight about something, so they funnel
it into, like, something that's right.
So, alright, so prop 60, let's talk
about that, because, like, the debates are tonight, some
of them are DVR, California voters
are gonna go in, you're gonna be standing in your neighbor's garage
or at some elementary school, and then this fucking
thing has dropped on you without warning, there's, like,
you have to have an opinion about condoms and porn
and all this stuff. So we already had the
whatever the prop was, and that
went through, right? So there was, like, a condom law.
Yeah, there's a measure B which already
went through, which by technically
we're supposed to use condoms when we're shooting porn.
But there's, like, no penalty
if we don't, so nobody
even does. So I'm gonna describe an ad
to you that I saw tonight, because, and then
you, like, let's get your perspective
on this, because it's very, from
talking to you, a very deceptive ad.
There's a woman on camera, and she looks
very sad, and
if I assume her story's
true, so she should be sad, but she's, like, I
there's loopholes in the
condom law, and people take
them, and we need a law
that prevents the loopholes too, and
I'm an adult film actress,
and I got aids from doing
adult film and all this stuff, and it's
very sad, and it seems very serious, and
it leaves you with the choice between not caring
about someone's life, and, like,
voting for this law.
Now, you tell me
how many, how many people have gotten
aids from doing porn in the last
decade? Well, there hasn't
been anybody who has contracted actual
HIV from porn for the last
eleven years, so
this whole condom law is very
misleading, or in the way that they try
to sell it as trying to prevent
HIV or other
STDs, and I
myself, I've been shooting for five years, and
I've never contracted gonorrhea or
chlamydia or any... And those are actually
like... These are very common... If you had
it would be like, eh, workplace
hazards... Yeah, I mean, it's exactly, it's very
common, it happens a lot in the industry...
But you haven't even... Even I, myself...
437 movies... For
five years, I have never contracted
an STD, so
and I personally, the
regulation now, to date, is
every 12 days we get tested. It was
prior, I think...
It's either been a year or two that it's
been 14 days, but prior it was
every 30 days, and we all
collectively agreed, we're like, oh, we
feel like we should be, you know, to...
If we, because we were having a couple, like,
scares, like, we have false
positives that come up, and then, you know, there's
a whole, like, I can't think of the word,
but, you know, when they collectively get everybody together
and they're like, okay, you guys are possibly,
you know, you possibly have something...
I'm not sure what's it, or a
quarantine? Yeah, there we go, like a quarantine
kind of a thing, so they'll, like, get these people,
but even in all the scares,
like, it's been 11 years since anybody
has actually contracted anything from...
I mean, that's a lot of penises going into a lot of
bulls. And the people who did back...
When there was, it was people who
do, like, anal cream pies,
where the girls who got
AIDS, HIV,
so, like, even within my
industry or my agency, none of us
do anal cream pies,
because that was the... like,
other girls who worked with the same performers who did
anal sex or regular cream pies,
they didn't contract the disease, as opposed
to the girls who shot, like, anal cream pies.
They were able to contract the disease,
so...
So, we have pre-condemn...
Despite what you might think about the condom law
that's already been voted in, and which isn't up
for being repealed, we're not voting for that.
This is, like, a big piece of, like, duct tape,
and then some that someone wants to put over
the existing condom laws.
The existing condom laws are already there,
and from what you're saying,
before that condom law existed,
this shit was being
self-policed by your industry.
Yes, it's not legally... it's not by
legal rights that we have to be tested.
It's not, like, you know, like, when we shoot
and they film us, they're like, hey, are you
under the influence of any drugs or alcohol?
Are you 18? Are you here under your own free will?
There's never a question saying, are you tested
and are you clean? Like, so there is no, like,
legal standard on this, but this is
an industry standard that we've developed
to be tested every 12 to 14
days, and now
they want to, like, legally come in
and demand that we wear
pornos, and if it's not shown in
every single frame of the porno
that is, you know, being
out there, that now any
civilian can now sue us
for 25% of
the makings of this
film or something along the lines. I can't...
I'm not totally sure with
the whole thing.
It's, yeah, so just to repeat
that, and maybe that, like, yeah, if the condom
isn't in every frame, which just imagine
there's a porn editor. I don't know how they can even do it
in every frame. What a terrible porn movie.
Like, my favorite shots are the master shots.
First of all, like, I'm not a huge
fan of the point of
entry, like, close-ups. Like, I like
the far away stuff if there's a condom
that's visible. Forget about that.
Like, the...
What is the agenda behind this?
Personally, what I take the agenda
is that they want to move porn out of California.
Do they want to move it somewhere
else, or do they just want California cleaner?
I think they want California out, like,
the porn industry out, because even in
the way that they... if you guys, like, check
out your, you know,
Voters ballot, you know,
check out your shit here and you actually read
on Prop 60, it's really
misleading because all it basically is telling
you that it's, like, let's stop
spreading, you know, STDs
in the adult industry and
bringing it into the broader community.
Like, it's making it sound like we come in
and we're, like, gizzing all over you guys
and giving you aides and shit, which is
not nearly, like I said, it has
been 11 years. It's been 11 years since we've
had any contracted diseases.
In spite of people shunting you off into a
relatively unregulated industry, it's...
Yes, and then it's also bringing this guy, Michael Weinstein,
who is, like, the founder of
AIDS Health Color Foundation or something
like that, it makes him now
he's going to be, like, inducted
into, like, legislation where he will
now oversee all
of porn and kind of, like, control
all of porn in California
and, I mean, this guy has also
spent over $1.8
million of AIDS Health Care Foundation
just on trying to
get this, you know,
bill in
act. And what's his angle?
Like, how does he profit or, like...
Well, he'll be getting paid by
taxpayers' dollars once he is...
You said that, like, the money
that went into this, like,
the reason there's a commercial tonight during the debates,
there can't, there won't be another commercial
because the porn industry would
have to use its blowjob money to, like,
make a national airtime spot.
There's no way that we can compete with that, you know?
These people use AIDS research
money. Yes, which should be going
to better, you know...
To make AIDS fight cancer.
People, yeah. Like, it should
go to that stuff you were talking about earlier
with the leukemia and
shit. Yeah, that shit.
Get the fucking cancer. Like, goddamn
piece of shit, kids.
But, yeah, I mean,
I want to see an AIDS versus cancer
movie, like, like, Predator
versus...
If nothing else, just do the
research because you're a California voter
and you're gonna be, like, it's just, it's dropped in your lap
and it's like, like, the key points here being
you're not, if you vote no on
Prop 60, the only
thing that you're
affecting is just, you're stopping...
Well, no, you want to vote no on Prop 60.
No, that's what I'm saying. If you vote no on Prop 60
you're not making any dramatic decisions
about the course of people's lives
except that you're just, like, saying
like, there's someone that's
trying to do that. There's someone that's trying
to change things and they're not
changing things to make there be less AIDS
among porn stars or the community
because that's not an issue. They're lying
about that. They're misleading you about that.
So a vote no on Prop 60 means
what exactly?
Can I say a quick thing?
Real quick, I don't need to go off on stage.
Prop 60 would allow me
to sue Riley if I don't see
a condom in her porn.
Yes, because it also sues, it's not suing
performers, it's suing producers and
because I produce my own content
if he's viewing something on my website
he will be able to sue me directly.
Right.
And it's just crazy
at what it does
and what it affects and how
misleading it is because basically it's just...
It's like a financial stoning law.
It's like saying that if you see
a porn star you can throw
financial rocks at them until they die.
The reason you're also able to do this is because now
I have to display my legal
name and my address
publicly and, you know, I have
a huge fan base but as well as
other transgender performers
and gay performers who are more
of a target towards violence
than I am.
So it's like, now those kinds of people
are set up for harassment.
People who want to harass a transgender
like maybe they're a super big fan
but they hate that they're a fan
or some fucking weird psycho shit.
Wow.
So, no on Prop 60
safe enough to say.
If there was anybody that had anything to gain from it
it would be...
Please. I mean, I don't know if it passes
I don't know what I'll be doing.
I'll have to move.
You'll be getting a law degree
to defend yourself in small claims court
against people that...
Yeah, it's crazy.
Against big condom.
All right, well, do you mind sticking around
with some other friends?
I just haven't finished my drink.
Is it Jeff Cook? Jeff Cook, are you here?
It's Jeff Davis, Dan. I've known you for years.
Jeff, is Jeff the...
Who are the Cook brothers?
Right here.
All right, so I assume it's not Jeff
or you would have said yes.
Who's the Cook brother
that sent me the video
or that sent some of the video of the...
That's me, Alex Cook.
Alex Cook. I was close.
Music
And you...
And this is your...
You're the brother. What's your name? Lee.
Lee Cook. Okay, you guys...
There's microphones for you, right? You can have a seat.
Take some mics. So, Alex, you sent this video.
Like, I don't know how much of this
is supposed to be a surprise.
Like, it's like a wedding proposal or...
There's like, you sent a video that said
you're a veteran
and you...
Tongue in cheek owned...
You're playing the veteran card.
It's good. It's a fine card to play.
Like, you've served your country.
You're out of the service.
You've got some...
You've suffered some PTSD stuff
or injuries or...
No, no injuries, just kind of
getting to being a civilian again after the army,
getting over everything.
And you got your little brother here and you guys are from where?
I live in Florida now,
but he's stationed at Camp Pendleton now.
He's a Marine currently.
So, Alex,
you are...
You're a retired Army? Or are you selective?
No, I'm out. I was in for about five years.
I went to Iraq for a year and Afghanistan for a year.
And now, Lee, you're
active Marine.
Yeah, I'm in Marine Corps based Camp Pendleton
in San Diego.
Oh yeah? Have you been
shipped out?
No, I basically just hang out in California
and get drunk a lot.
I had a little easier...
My only problem with Camp Pendleton
is that I got the worst food poisoning
in my fucking life.
Yeah, you know what I'm talking about.
Yeah, right next to the...
Totally.
So, Alex, it's hard to find fault
with anybody that does play the veteran card
which is a fully valid card,
but also you seem to love your brother very much
and speak very highly of him.
And in your video
what you're saying to me is
you know, he's in the service.
You were in the service and you just
thought maybe because you guys are both big fans of the show
that
if you came up here
and made it more important that maybe
your agenda was to
maybe...
Well, we wanted to talk to you either
didn't need to be on stage, this is awesome,
but
yeah, we just wanted to be able to
talk with you and the fact that we've had
all these different experiences that
I don't know if a lot of your fans
kind of, you know, the nerdy
or tight people don't tend to be in the military, so...
Right.
What was your MOS in the army?
Pretty nerdy one.
I was a 46 Romeo, which is a broadcaster,
so I
shot video and stuff, but I was in an
infantry unit and went with them
to Iraq and Afghanistan.
You were an army nerd, I love that.
46 Romeo, I love that.
What about you, Lee? I eat tanks.
I'm an engineer,
so basically, demolition, construction,
seaford, shit like that.
So what...
I mean, if your video...
maybe I'm gilding the lily, I don't know.
I thought your video was like...
putting words in your mouth and saying,
I'd like to talk to my little brother,
I'd like to kind of talk him out of serving.
Oh, no, that's not necessary.
I'm almost done, and then I'm
home free.
Well, here's what I thought when I saw the video.
Hang on, Dan.
Yeah, I got like
11 months left,
and then I'm getting out and moving back
to Florida and hanging out.
And then retiring?
No, I'll...
I haven't been in long enough to officially retire
and get pension and stuff like that,
but I'll use the GI bill.
I want to go to school for music,
and so I'll go do that in Florida and hang out.
Well done.
Yeah, the two things
that hit my mind were like,
well, number one, this is a pretty contractual issue,
I think. You're in it until you're out of it.
And number two,
correct me if I'm wrong, but
if your brother's enough of a sociopath
that a podcast would convince him
to not risk his life or risk his life,
then maybe he's the kind of
heartless killing machine we need in the armed services.
I mean,
that's where we want people
that are, like,
programmable and deadly.
Who has a better
ua or ura?
Ura. Ua.
Ua doesn't make any sense.
It's not a real sound.
I never really could do a good hua.
Hey, bruh.
Alright, that was my answer.
Neither.
So your experience, Lee,
has been a lot easier than your older brothers.
Same training
and all this stuff,
but you're coming up in 11 months
on your, you'll go home
and you got training, you got the GI Bill,
Alex, you were
in the shit, albeit
a nerd in the shit.
You were shooting the shit.
Which is almost worse, probably.
You're more isolated.
Definitely.
You can't bro out with all the
meat heads out there.
Those hurt locker guys have all the fun
wrestling
each other because they have to have an intimate
relationship with them.
Alex, where were you stationed?
I was stationed at Fort Campbell
in Kentucky, the 101st
Airborne Division,
but went to Iraq for a year
in East Baghdad,
and then Iraq,
Afghanistan for a year
in East Afghanistan.
So when you're doing what you did out there,
where physically are you?
What's your home base?
It's called the Forward Operating Base
or FAB, that's where we lived.
In Iraq it was the old
Ministry of Intelligence, I think.
Saddam Hussein's Ministry of Intelligence
that we kind of just moved into.
So it was like big old cement buildings.
And then in Afghanistan
it was just kind of a camp that we set up
with tents on gravel.
I'd go out on patrols and missions
and stuff like that with the guys to shoot videos.
Lee, what would it mean right now?
If you got sent out
where we are
as the U.S. right now?
If Trump invaded Mexico.
If a Marine got sent out to the desert
right now, are they still
deploying Marines out there?
Yeah,
right now it's kind of a peace
time Marine Corps.
They're basically making moves like
we do Meuse Marine
something fucking, it's an acronym.
You go on a boat
and you visit Asian countries
and you show your force around the world
and have some buddies
that are in Lithuania
and shit just showing that we exist.
But for the most part
we're just doing peace time
building hearts and minds
missions and stuff like that.
If you're not anywhere right now
it would probably be a pretty
uneventful deployment.
Sometimes you have to do photo ops
where you hand a blanket to a hurricane
server.
I was the photographer that did those photo ops.
At your age, Lee,
let's say you were deployed overseas
and you were an active Marine
anything could happen right now.
Some serious shit could go down.
You could be
thrust right in there.
So super recently
deployment opportunity has come up
for next year sometime.
It's a six month deployment
but by the time it ends
I'll have supposed to have been out of the Marine Corps
for one month. So I can do a six month extension
to go on the deployment
or not go and get out
early. And it's like with my luck
I'll lose my legs
or something. Or I could
go and do that and take the gamble.
So like...
What's the upside
for you? Like a bigger pension?
Well, it's
total brainwashing too because
like
I haven't been deployed or anything like that.
We live in a, like me, everyday life
is around all these people who are like
oh yeah, I was there for the initial push
in Fallujah or whatever.
So I'm at a
lower status than them
based off my experience in the military.
So like you have that just ingrained
into you since day one that you want to
go out and do things and stuff like that
but then you also get like, you don't pay
taxes for the time that you're deployed.
You get like combat pay. Yeah, but you can
you can do that by losing a billion dollars.
Yeah.
You get that too. You don't even have to
be in a tent.
Sorry, I cut you off.
No, no, no.
I got to, I was very lucky that I got to go
perform like for some USO
shows like for Marines
and Army
and some air bases
and we also got to go
to Bethesda and Walter Reed
like the hospitals for the world, most of the
Marines, the wounded Marines are at
and it was fucking crazy, man.
Like everybody's
blown to bits and
some of the nicest
like coolest people you ever met.
Like it's nuts.
Yeah, and what
just like people getting blown to bits like
I obviously
have never seen it firsthand but I work with
people and I'm around people so often that
have had that like
right now I actually got tasked out
so I just check IDs at the gate and I'm like
welcome to Camp Pendleton, have a nice day
but there's this
old dude who calls himself Agent Whitehead
and he has like
he has a retired military ID so we have
to let him on base but he's always
like saying that he can like mind control
people and stuff like that and he has
like two prosthetic legs
but like
he's a Vietnam vet so like
that dude got messed up
like that dude
Where are you guys at?
I want to know a lot more about
Agent Whitehead.
That's classified.
Can we get him on the show?
He's in the back right now
and he goes through night vision goggles
and
Where are you guys at politically?
I mean like
there's been this tradition like
oh I'm a Republican so I'm into
war and strong armed forces and defense
and all that stuff but it's like Truman was a Democrat
and he was a civil rights
advocate and
dropped the bomb on
Hiroshima and
Nagasaki.
Get the other one right Dan.
The
Zuki maybe?
These words have changed so much like politically though
like from
you guys span a couple years now in the
armed services like the guys
gals around you are they
right wing?
They're mostly right wing to the max.
And are they pretty like
do they say like
shit that makes you like crazy?
One thing I find a lot
I'm as left as you can get
just about
slightly less than him maybe but
like one thing I find is like
yeah Trump sucks
but
right and that
and that shrug is like
there's the world in that shrug
I mean I grab
women by the pussy too
because our forefathers
did
the
the yeah I mean
how do you reconcile
being politically liberal?
Do you disguise yourself
when you're if you're surrounded you're in a
cause I imagine there's right wing people in Hollywood
that kind of like they probably feel a little
clammed up like like they don't want to
alienate themselves it could cost them money
it could cost them livelihood.
I don't know how many it just doesn't go with
the territory but then again they must exist
so what do you guys
do when you're
in a tent or a barracks
or at some army term
military term
and people say something like
do you engage and go like no I'm gonna
change your hearts and minds?
I can't speak for him but
I personally am like let me tell you why you're wrong
and then I go into a spiel
and I'm like I'm the only liberal marine
ever I'm great
so yeah I was
I definitely stayed more quiet when I was
in the army and this was
like I deployed to Iraq in 2003
so it was pretty recent
after 9-11 and everyone was kind of like
ramped up to go over there
and kill people. What was your unit?
I was in the
506th Infantry Regiment
in the 101st Airborne Division which is actually
technically the Band of Brothers guys
from the HBO thing.
We did our USO shows
we did shows for like
NATO doctors
we do comedy for them
you can reference Voltaire
we also did a show
for the Big Red One
which is straight up infantry grunts
and they were just like
proud murderers
and they were
great fun but their job
is to go in there and like
they're a tip of the spear
if you didn't do a joke about blowing shit up
or fucking and sucking they weren't digging it
I imagine you have to get to that space
in order to
your job if you're going to do it well
or even if you're not invested in doing it well
but you're only invested in maintaining
your sanity you obviously
that's the definition of a soldier
you have to leave your humanity
at the door you have to become a machine
because
the hierarchy and everything it's like
reliant even that's the weird thing about this country
is that we act like there's this left
and right hand but it's like the lefties
in our country argue that
we need thicker body armor
like there's a
goddamn ambidextrous
we're a right of center
empire why wouldn't you be right of center
if you were an empire
you would be conservative because you'd like
things to be the way they were yesterday
more so than to have them change
and it's our behavior that would indicate that
we are a
we have
people in our country that vote and pay
taxes and speak very loudly
about
how incredibly left we are
but when we
measure our country as a collective and observe
our behavior we are
we are full on into
blowing shit up we're full on into occupying
spaces influencing
democracy across the globe
depending on our interests
like we are we're down
to fuck
and so
what is my point
well let me just say
I don't think I mentioned this in the little
video but
I guess my point was just that
if I got drafted
if I was not
43 and I wouldn't immediately have a million reasons
why I couldn't but
I would absolutely
I mean
there's only one path
you would have to go like okay yes
I surrender all of my
critical thinking because otherwise
I'm gonna keep fucking up and I could
hurt somebody I could
something up for everybody
if I'm not
if I don't just put blinders on and just
I gotta just
I wouldn't be capable of doing it successfully
but that would be my choice
for me that's a shitty thing
it's like the more you think the stupider you are
like
if someone is like
hey you fucked up so you gotta go do
lunges up and down a hallway for five hours
or whatever you're like okay I'm gonna go do lunges
for no reason and I'll
think about something else like there's no
there's no opportunity
as a lower ranking person to be like
I'm smarter than my leader
I have a better frame of
mind than him a better like
geopolitical understanding of the situation
than him or her
so I'm gonna make this decision
yeah I don't even want that in my
editor
you know like on a sitcom
that will cost money
and make us worse television
you need blind loyalty
I'm sorry Riley
do people in the porn industry ever get asked to go to
USO shows?
I mean I get asked to the military ball
once a week
but
like
people go out and perform
the troops would flip if you came out there
yeah I mean I don't know
I don't personally go and perform like sex shows
no no no
I'm not saying you would get on stage
and do like porn
but if you went out there and just like
shook hands and said hello and met people
they'd freak out
probably a lot of the locals would be pretty upset about it
to be honest
the locals
like in Iraq and Afghanistan their Muslim country
so porn was not allowed at all in the military
but obviously
I'm sure I first saw
I've sent many porn
yeah I've sent many
I've sent care packages to guys in the army
very often
well alright so
what is in that care package Riley?
my panties
so your service to our country
and your love of your brother has gotten you up here
we're very
fascinated to hear from you
you're a good egg like what do you want to do
with this opportunity
is there any albums to plug
or any props
like 60 you know let's hear your counterpoint
or yeah
anything you want to say?
no I don't think we have any plugs we just wanted to
be able to chat with you and
is there anything when you're listening to the podcast
that you're like well geez none of these people
on stage or listening are in military service
if they knew what we knew maybe
is there anything that you've heard us
express that you're like well come on
oh
I've got a few
I'll read it on Jeff's twitter later
but are you saying Lee
that Alex has talked to you
out of going into active service
oh no no no no like
so I have a daughter and she was born when I was
18 and I was
like well I'm not going to finish college
so I'm going to join
the military and have a life that way
and so that's why I joined and then I was
like
I was already super liberal and shit like that
before that and
yeah I'm ready to get out
and I think it adds to the story a little bit
that our dad is a
career military army officer
and so we spent our lives as kids
moving around every two years around the world
and our parents are very
conservative
so we definitely grew up in that world
and
you know had to figure out around
what do you think was he a hardcore dude
I used to
I don't know if you know what parade rest is
but when my dad was angry at me
that's how I stood in front of him
which is a military position of attention
what is that exactly
feet
and for how long
hands behind your back
really
and then I'd get beaten and then I'd go to bed
and then lesson learned
fucking oh
hahahaha
well
here's like
when I went to these shows and I met these officers
and I met these enlisted men and women
they were like hey Jeff you should really
you ever think about being an officer
I'm like no like I hate you
you're too smart Jeff I hate being told what to do
yeah but all officers hate being told
what to do I was like yeah but I would be
in jail the whole time
because I don't like all these
fucking rules they're like yeah
all great generals say I'm like you're freaking me out
like you're gonna have to fucking stop it
something I've never understood
maybe you guys can clarify this
if you're nerds and you're in the military
and you've experienced this like
am I mistaken in assuming that
no matter who's been president
through the span of our country's history
there's never been like a dramatic
like
I know that Republicans are better at
starting
entire wars
better for the military
but I don't think you guys think like that
when you're in that line of work I don't think you're like
like firemen don't go oh this guy's pro fire
like I want him to be my
candidate like like you're firemen
your job is to put out wars
and in other words
like it's not like it's like a jackpot
like
is your average marine
or your average army soldier
are they gung-ho and they want to kill mother fuckers
they want war
they are going to vote for whoever is most
likely to start the next war
but it's because of their ideology right it's not because of anything practical
where it's like Hillary Clinton
as far as I know
just like Obama before her, Bill Clinton
these aren't people
who reduce the amount of fucking up people
we do are they
the defense budget stays
the same and increases at the rate
that it increases correct
I think the only president that hasn't declared war was like Carter
every Democrat
except for him maybe has
it's almost like the president doesn't
matter at all except
when he's a fucking lunatic
that like can actually
I don't think we would have invaded
Iraq if Al Gore had been president
that's like the classic example
you can't just picture that happening
we'd always try to increase this if Al Gore was president
that'd be great
but you
spent your military career and got your GI Bill
you've been at Camp Pendleton
you haven't been stationed in a country that we're occupying
or fighting
our defense budget continues to just
it's more important than education
that shit better fucking pay for my college
or I'm gonna be finished
but we have bad news for you
while you've been gone we've made your college education worthless
enjoy it
enjoy your degree
and fucking whatever
because we haven't
valued education as much as we have defense
and for that reason it just
it kind of confuses me when I see
video footage of like
rooms full of hard working men
and women that are salt of the earth that grew up in lower middle class
neighborhoods
and who volunteered for military
service who are like so invested
in who becomes commander in chief of our military
and it's like you don't think
Obama is gonna be a boon
to your industry
I was in Afghanistan when Obama was
inaugurated and it was like a funeral out there
everyone was because they think he's gonna
what you know like pull back
from all muslim countries I'm a secret muslim
and I hate blowing brown people
even if he did
pull everybody back he'd assign you to the attorney general's office
so you could go raid dispensaries
there's always work for a
hypocritical politician to assign
people who know how to kill people
what was the mood on base
everyone was just
disappointed distraught like just thought it was
the worst thing that could happen to our country
that he didn't really love America
saying Obama that's one letter away from
Osama like and really meaning it
his middle name is Saddam
who's saying not today
same shit
we don't want to think that about our military
I want to think of them and police as like
people who are so close to the action
that they know the nuts and bolts that there would be
a culture shock and a conversation with them
and the politics would be different but it would be because
of real things
it wouldn't be because of
hypnotism
for somebody who actually has to be the one
whose hand is on the lever
finger on the trigger
I would expect them
I would grant them the right to be
so hardcore right wing
because of their real basic
like fundamental philosophy
and the risks that they take and stuff
but it's disappointing to hear that it's more like
as in the trailer park so in the military
they watch Fox News
in the
where you eat
it's almost like that makes the job separate
from the ideology that it's like
well the job is to have to deal with the
repercussions of how we think
but we don't
they're just thinking the same shit
you have to think that way to
be happy doing that right
I'm trying to bounce that because
I don't get it like I feel like
when I'm a soldier and Obama gets elected I'm like
that dude's gonna blow up shit like nobody's business
he's a democrat
I think you just barely touched on it
maybe but like the whole calling
Kaepernick kneeling for the flag
national anthem and shit like that
people are like he hates the troops
but it's
more like why does
disagreeing with
certain things in America
has a trend for standing for
mean that you don't appreciate the people
that go
and fight for the things that you do happen to stand for
exactly
it doesn't
you know what I'm saying
and you know there's liberal
nerds in the military and there's
all different stripes in the military
there's definitely that mainstream right wing
go kill muslims culture but
I don't want to shit all over everyone
I met other nerds there and other
bright people that thought it wouldn't work
that's the conflict that we're in, that's the last thing we want to do
but that is the thing
that also gets taken advantage of
we developed this phrase support our troops
like we
we're like because we figured out
that like oh who the hell
can't support our troops, what are you a monster
you're talking about young men and women
risking their lives for our country but it was like
if it wasn't support our troops
it would be support the war
and it's easy to not support a war
it's impossible to not support the troops
and so that's an abusable ideology
it's like
at stateside when we get reminded
of the fact that
like oh in Vietnam and then these poor kids
came home and we spit on them because we confused
them with the people that sent them there
we're never going to make that mistake again
but that growth on our part
was absolutely abused by a war machine
that told us yeah don't do that
anymore ever again and no news coverage
and blah blah blah support our troops and it was like
it was used for fucked up
purposes and like so we sit over
here and we go like I don't even know what to fucking
like how to treat veterans
you know it's like except to say and then you get this
like empire where we just go like well I'm
liberal so I want these guys who lost their
arms and legs to be taken care of
I want them to have a better
armor on their Humvees when they're patrolling
the areas we like you kind of like I'm a liberal
what?
like yeah alright okay
how do you guys feel about porn when you're not
in Afghanistan you like
you
I'm a fan
A plus
Riley
here's maybe a little too intimate a question
to ask you but
are you a waxer
a shaver how do you do
I know where this is going
I personally shave
but I do plan on getting like laser hair
removal at some point now Riley do you know
that you don't need to choose between price and quality
to get an amazing affordable shave
club.com
they support the troops
they support the troops and also if you don't like it
you get your first month free at Dollar Shave Club
Riley did you know
if you go to Dollar Shave Club.com
slash Harmontown you'll get
a discount of some kind
they'll actually come over and shave you
representative from Dollar Shave Club
comes over and just gives your genitals
the perfect shave
seriously I have no reason to deal with the
drugstore hassle and the battle
and battle the locked up razor
fortress ever again
what are we doing what are we doing
what is our fucking show
I've never seen a nickel from any of these things
we sell underwear and razors
and I've never seen fucking
Jeff I agree it's insane that we've
created a dichotomy between
quality and price
especially with shaving
equipment like why
why can't the top notch
shaving accoutrement
also be the cheapest
are you saying that I should simply
I should simply go to Dollar Shave Club
dot com slash Harmontown
and pick a razor that works for me
from their lineup of amazing
blades Jeff I can't control you
it sounds like
it sounds like you're trying to
tell me what to do I can only
I don't want to be told what to do
like our great guests and I can only share my
experience with you Riley
Reed's done 437 movies and doesn't
have AIDS that says
no one prop 60 to me
the cook brothers
say 11 months
and out and I'd like to use my GI bill
that says vote Democrat to me
but don't be fooled
and think that they're not also a hawks
and all I can
tell you from my experience is that I
get a first class shave when I use
the executive blade
you have a beard you have a full beard
this is all built on
lies my brother actually
just ran out of his Dollar Shave Club
razors this morning hence
and he's a veteran
so go to Dollar Shave Club
dot com slash Harmontown
and support our troops
even the lapsed ones
I mean as far as I
as far as I'm led to believe Dan
if it falls this liberal claptrap
is to be believed
that I can look and smell
like a million bucks
without paying for it
that seems to, that's Obama's America
and in the interest of equal times
maybe you're a Republican so think of it this way
like when you do grab
your lover by the pussy
don't you want it to be
a smooth
frictionless
experience
here's your chance
I mean don't just
don't just flock the Dollar Shave Club
don't associate them with my liberal
agenda is what I'm saying
this country may need
walls around it we may need
an orange rotting pumpkin
for a president
and we're still going to
need to shave and we're still going to want those
shaves to come but only if you
type in slash Harmontown
well that'll get you a discount
if you go there and type in slash
uh
Marc Maron I don't know what's going to happen
weird will get longer
if you type in Marc Maron
you'll get a more successful
shave but
you know I didn't
we haven't had the president
on here you know like
so here we are telling you
it's dollar shave
com slash Harmontown it's just a few bucks
a month no long term commitment
you get a box full of shaving stuff
is that right?
Jesus I hope so
where the lights are going to start going out
I mean
I'm going to do an ad for a tuxedo company
that promises me free suits
I'm very excited about that one
and to answer your earlier question there's a quarterly
process feral audio as it has a corporate structure
like you'll get your money
I just feel so dirty right now
maybe it's because I don't
look and smell like a million dollars
because of dollar shave dot com
that brings up anal bleaching
like
my girlfriend
slash Harmontown
your first anal bleach is free
and if your asshole is not
perfectly bleached
will they send someone to bleach your asshole
to your house? yes
I need to finish the sentence my girlfriend
so that people don't
I think Dan was going to start saying
she got offered
an anal bleaching
because she gets like
like
there's a guy
laser scrapings
she's like
she has a guy
laser scrapers
he's a guy
he's a skincare guy
she's got very wonderful soft skin
like
a fake doctor
but
and at one point
he told her
we do anal
I think and then he looked at her butthole
he's like you don't need it
good for her
good for you
do you
yeah
more important to me than a bright white butthole
I once had one guy
trying to tell my ethnicity by the color
of my asshole
he's like quarter Cherokee
and you're like wriggling
like oh
tell more
oh my god don't go out tomorrow night
and then he falls over and there's a poison dart in his back
you can say those records are still
I don't do
any alteration to my body at all
so I don't put fake nails on
I don't dye my hair
I don't do anal bleaching
it's certainly your
you need to shave once in a while
yeah I mean like I shave my legs
but how much are you paying for your razor
what about lifestyle, diet, exercise
drinking, drugs
do you have do's and don'ts
and are there sacrifices you make to maintain your
yeah I mean I definitely
I used to like to skateboard
and stuff like that and I don't do that anymore
because you can just scrape a knee
yeah exactly if I have a scrape on my knee
but what about
are you like
do you have to push
the limits of your endurance daily
to like maintain a
no I don't work out
or anything
I'm not being glib but part of your work
is exercise
I feel like I hit that daily heart rate
thing that I'm supposed to do
with my job
and I like to do a lot of the work
I don't like to just leave it up to the guy
so you know I like to perform up to my
standard and my quality of what I think
as most women do
yeah I mean and also I don't like to play dead
starfish so I definitely
dead starfish
do you have like parts of your body
insured because I feel like
if I made my living off of
being attractive and being appealing
for other people to watch me
have sex I would get my best parts
insured I don't
I've heard of like some people do like
Kieran Lee who is like you know
big time browsers performer
has like a million dollar insurance policy
on his penis
his penis is insured with Lloyds of London
they used to say that
about like what's your name for that
there was an entertainment tonight hostess
or something like her legs are insured
Lloyds of London
didn't she have an insurance thing
I mean is that me yeah I guess like
okay
but you could do that with anything
that's like kind of like just a bad version
of playing the stock market like I could just say
I'm gonna insure this snail with Lloyds of London
and then if it dies
and then stop on it and collect
the god damn money
and they're like yeah we'll cover that for 60 dollars
a minute until you stop on it
and we'll pay you 120
and there's a two minute
moratorium on snail stomping
and
I mean
I don't like insurance I think
insurance is like
Dino says that dessert is where
western society like where we peaked
you knew once we started inventing food
that we were just like no I'm not hungry
but just a little more food
just for the taste
and I'm saying
as for capitalism insurance is the
the invention of the idea that
like oh hey man
nice pants
be ashamed if something happened to them
are you
mean extortion
well no I'm not gonna do it
I'm just betting it'll happen
I'm almost certain I heard this exact sentence on
BangBus
I'll never forget getting an envelope
when Christopher Reeve
was still alive and it was a
the envelope was from an insurance company
and it was identical
to a fucking like
extortion racket because it was a picture
of post accident Christopher Reeve
fell off a horse like injured his neck
it's like you're 25 I don't know
Superman I know you
there's been a lot of super super men
so he didn't have horse insurance
that's the problem
so it's a picture of a visibly
affected
Christopher Reeve like he's like
going like this and there's a quote
next to the photo that I'm getting in the mail
and it says don't let what happened to me happen to you
like what
how is this not a note from a fucking criminal
how is this
not identical how is this not against the law
don't you're threatening me
don't let what
what that's what
insurance is it goes it's a beautiful house
beautiful family be ashamed of something happened
can I have $60
but
they don't even the mafia is more honest
because what they're saying is we'll do it
we'll destroy your house
and your family give us $60
you just
guaranteed it won't happen that's more
honest exchange of goods and services
than insurance which is saying
like oh I don't know something might happen in your house
and you're like yeah something might for real
like a mafia guy might extort me or
a tornado might happen and they're like yeah all kinds of things
$60 please and then the tornado happens
and then they send a guy that's like tornado
I don't know
looks to me like you're an alcoholic maybe had
a rough night
the Tasmanian devil came through here
and we only
insured you against tornadoes
they're spelled the same
but they're pronounced different
yeah read the fine
umlauts
insurance isn't a government
agency which is why you know that
their business isn't making sure
that your cancer your tornado your flood
won't pay out
they're a business
that's what you know about them from the get go
the weird thing is that then they're all
tied into the government because a guy with a gun
can pull you over and demand to see their
paperwork
and if you're reaching for the glove box in the wrong way
and you're in the wrong color
welcome to the angry grandpa portion of the show
I just like
I like to round up a group of soldiers and porn stars
and
I just shake my cane
guardians of
vitality and
violence
lend me your power
I guess everybody go home and watch Westworld
and
to do the highlights of the debates I saw him
it's just more of him fucking
loudmouth in it and like interrupting her
and he's like he spends the whole
time going can I tell you you let her go a minute
you let her go a whole minute it's like an eight
year old and I don't even care
I hate all politicians and I hate government
but I mean
I was traveling today
I flew home and so I was in a car
and I recorded the
debate I'll watch it later maybe
and the only time I've ever truly loved
Twitter was today because all my funny friends were being
hilarious but Megan Gans
is a writer and that works on community
she wrote something it wasn't even a joke she just
she just wrote crying
you act professional
and play by the rules and you get interrupted
by men and that to me says
the fucking hole
he kept talking about how she gets to interrupt him
and all this stuff it was like you can't
like that was my biggest fear is that
what she's working against is you can't
you can't compete with him without looking
dumber than you are
because who would
she didn't get to choose
her opponent
it's like
I almost went to
six hours after she wins two things are
going to happen the Republican Party is going to
start
maligning her
by maligning him
the Republican Party is already
disavowed him but they're going to
six hours after her inauguration or election
they're going to start saying
there's a woman in the White House
and the only reason is because she
it was a one woman race
she went up against the impotent man
she went up against a weird orange guy
from a Doritos commercial
like they're going to be like who wasn't even a fair election
hey Lee
I can't paddle ten is it very Trump
I know they hate Hillary probably right
what's super cool though is that at the same time
it's in Southern California so like
I can't paddle
the debate
that went on a couple weeks ago
right now I just like scan ID's
at the gate and I'm like you can come on
you're brown you can't
you're brown you can't because that's my job
but uh Jesus Christ
fucking so all these people came
through with like their Trump stickers
and their Trump hats and they were like yeah
Trump is stomping Hillary in the bait tonight
and they were like yeah that he is
but uh like once you
once you leave Camp Pendleton and you like
you go 30 minutes north
or even down to like the gas lamp in San Diego
and stuff suddenly you start seeing all these like
Priuses with Bernie stickers
which is that that was our dude
now have you ever seen the movie at close range
with Sean Penn and Chris Walken
fuck no because you
if you guys have not seen this
if people that are subscribers please rent that
because this guy is fucking Sean Penn
do you know
uh uh Mr. Walken well enough
to just the short Chris
no you and him are
swear to god
it sounds like
it sounds like Christopher Walken is joining us
for a closing uh wrap
yeah uh
it's time to put a beat on
before you get peed on
you want to beat
you do the
you do the Vincent Price bridge
it's Christopher Walken
I'm going off my phone right now because I forgot my fucking iPad
alright
wait
Zach you got a beat
give us a beat
I'll come in as Christopher Walken and we're going to end this thing
because we're running late
I'm trying
alright Riley if you want to get in there
you want to wrap Riley
yeah yeah
the sex industry
needs regulation
but it can be self-regulated
they're doing fine
they don't get aids all the time
vote no on prop 60
if you want to get shifty with Rick and Morty Penn
Riley Reed
go to readmylips.com
she's got all you need
tellershaveclub.com
slash Harmontown
is getting down
with the military service in the
Pentagon
the brothers put
they're going to give you a different look
at military service and what it's like to serve
I fucked your mama so hard
she had to swerve
around my dick
well let's pick
a different direction because of all the
misogyny we'll talk about fucking
your daddy for one night only
I fucked your daddy so hard
he had to run into the yard
folding his butt
saying what about my
scale production surgery
that I had look it up
there's a story about
Donald Trump getting scale production surgery
based on the advice
of his wife Marla Mables
and then getting so mad at how much
it was that he
he per assaulted her
break it down
okay
when you talk about grabbing by the pussy
I got a feeling you haven't touched a lot of pussy
I don't think that your dick works
and I don't want
to disparage people whose dicks don't work
because
I don't want to live in a society based on sexual acumen
I'd like to leave it to the professionals
and watch them and find a girl
to be cool enough to just
be content with a giant fat walrus
running on top of her
but that's me
yo, yo, yo
dollar shave club's gonna give you a dollar
shave but that doesn't mean
quality will be saved
just your money, your skin will be smooth
I fucked your mama while she was on the move
I mean your daddy, I fucked your daddy
I fucked your daddy, my baddie
yo, don't pat him on me
I'm just a laddie
I'm just a grown up rapper
I'm a laddie
I'm your dad
I'm your son
I'm rapping, dancing
let me tell you how to rap
first, you say a line
okay, how about my name is
rapping
you're fucking up already
thank you for coming to Harmontown everybody
that's been our show
let's hear it for Alex and Lee Cook
the Cook Brothers
Riley Reed everybody
go to readmylips.com
and support her
as an independent producer
and entrepreneur
vote no on 60
go to dollar shave club to get your asshole bleached this evening
what?
New York comedy festival
the New York comedy festival
thanks guys, thank you for your
sacrifice
we love you all, drive fast
take chances, thank you so much for coming
we're going to be at the New York comedy festival
like I said, that helps
did you get any of that?
it's a good show